README.md, before:

# Wordle Solver

This `README` covers the project purpose, setup instructions.

## Project Purpose

This project implements a Wordle solver that guess words based on feedback from Wordle API. 
The solver aims to minimize the number of guesses by refining the possible letter pool after each search.

## Features
- Generates word guesses based on an adaptive alphabet refinement process.
- Calls an external API (/daily) to evaluate word guesses and receives feedback on letter correctness.
- Handles edge cases when the correct word is found or when invalid characters are detected.

## Installation

To run the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/jynd/votee_wordle_game_duytrinhduc
   ```
2. Install Dart dependencies:
   ```
   dart pub get
   ```
3. Run the code:
   ```
   dart run main.dart
   ```
   or
   ```
   dart run main2.dart
   ```
   
## Explanation of Algorithm

1. **Initial Guessing**: The algorithm starts by guessing a random word generated from a pool of letters (alphabet).
2. **API Interaction**: The guess is sent to the '/daily' aPI, which evaluates the word and returns feedback on the correctness of each letter.
3. **Feedback Processing**: Based on the feedback, the solver refines the list of potential letters by removing incorrect ones and prioritizing correct guesses.
4. **Algorithm**: The solver continues guessing with a refined alphabet, reducing the search space after each attempt, improving efficiency with every iteration.

## Contribution

Feel free to submit issues or contribute to the project by making pull requests. Contributions that improve the guessing algorithm or optimize the performance are highly welcome.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

updated README.md file for some unit tests

README.md, after:

# Wordle Solver

This `README` covers the project purpose, setup instructions.

## Project Purpose

This project implements a Wordle solver that guess words based on feedback from Wordle API. 
The solver aims to minimize the number of guesses by refining the possible letter pool after each search.

## Features
- Generates word guesses based on an adaptive alphabet refinement process.
- Calls an external API (/daily) to evaluate word guesses and receives feedback on letter correctness.
- Handles edge cases when the correct word is found or when invalid characters are detected.

## Installation

To run the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/jynd/votee_wordle_game_duytrinhduc
   ```
2. Install Dart dependencies:
   ```
   dart pub get
   ```
3. Run the code:
   ```
   dart run main.dart
   ```
   or
   ```
   dart run main2.dart
   ```
   
## Running Unit Tests

This project includes some unit tests for core logic, such as refining the possible letters based on API feedback. To run the unit tests, follow these steps

1. Make sure you have `test` package installed in Dart. If not, install it by running:
   ```
   dart pub add test
   ```
2. Run the unit tests:
   ```
   dart test
   ```
   
## Explanation of Algorithm

1. **Initial Guessing**: The algorithm starts by guessing a random word generated from a pool of letters (alphabet).
2. **API Interaction**: The guess is sent to the '/daily' aPI, which evaluates the word and returns feedback on the correctness of each letter.
3. **Feedback Processing**: Based on the feedback, the solver refines the list of potential letters by removing incorrect ones and prioritizing correct guesses.
4. **Algorithm**: The solver continues guessing with a refined alphabet, reducing the search space after each attempt, improving efficiency with every iteration.

## Contribution

Feel free to submit issues or contribute to the project by making pull requests. Contributions that improve the guessing algorithm or optimize the performance are highly welcome.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
